#58 Made the pytest-slc plugin using the pyexasol_connection (#59)
exasol/pytest-plugins: pytest-slc/README.md

## Usage in Tests

Below is an example of a test that requires a script language container to be built and deployed in the database.

> Here, we override the default `language_alias` fixture providing a "meaningful" name. The language container will be
> activated with this language alias. Note, that by default the test will run twice - once for each backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example test case overrides two fixtures that are used by fixture `deployed_slc` from this plugin:
* Fixture `language_alias` to provide a meaningful name.
* and fixture `slc_builder` to define the SLC to be used in the example test case. 

The language container will be activated with value returned by fixture `language_alias`.
Note, that by default the test will run twice - once for each backend.
```
